ARROW-17888: [Docs] Add reference of the cookbook contrib page to New Contributor's Guide (#14283)
apache/arrow: docs/source/developers/guide/index.rst

If you are ready you can start with building Arrow or choose to follow
one of the :ref:`tutorial-index` on writing an R binding or Python feature.

Different ways to contribute
============================

There are lots of ways to contribute to the project besides writing code!

* Improving the **documentation** is a great way to start contributing!
  For more information visit :ref:`documentation` section of the guide.

> * **Apache Arrow Cookbooks** are a collection of recipes presenting different
>   functionalities of Apache Arrow project. They are also a great way to start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Apache Arrow Cookbooks** are a collection of recipes for solving various problems 
and completing different tasks using Apache Arrow. They are also a great way to start
```
Small change here, just to emphasise that the recipes are focussed on practical tasks.

  contributing. For more information visit
  `How to contribute to Apache Arrow Cookbook <https://github.com/apache/arrow-cookbook/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_
  located in the Apache Arrow Cookbook repository.

> You can also welcome take a look at :ref:`other-resources` section.

Reviewer 2: I am not a native English speaker, so feel free to disregard:
```suggestion
You are also welcome to take a look at :ref:`other-resources` section.
```
